git-count-objects: add page (#5114)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-count-objects.md

# git count-objects

> > Count unpacked number of objects and their disk consumption.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Count the number of unpacked objects and their disk consumption.
```

> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-count-objects>.

> - Display count of all objects and their disk usage:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Count all objects and display the total disk usage:
```

`git count-objects`

> - Display count of all objects and their disk usage, displaying sizes in human readable units:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a count of all objects and their total disk usage, displaying sizes in human readable units:
```

> `git count-objects -H`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git count-objects --human-readable`
```

Author: Gosh @navarroaxel you're right.  Totally forgot about this one!

- Display more verbose information:

> `git count-objects -v`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git count-objects --verbose`
```

> - Display more verbose information, displaying size in human readable units:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display more verbose information, displaying sizes in human readable units:
```

Author: I intented to do this! 🤷

> `git count-objects -v -H`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`git count-objects --human-readable --verbose`
```
